[LISA OAKWOOD] You just watch!
Someday, I'll be a knight!
[LUKE]
You're kidding, right?
Old man Hannibal
would die of laughter
if he heard you say that.
[LISA OAKWOOD] I'm not kidding,
Luke. I'm serious!
For real!
I'm gonna work hard to protect
this city and everyone in it!
I wanna keep all
the citizens safe.
So they can live happy lives
without any worries.
You can do it, Lisa.
I believe in you!
Then can you do me a favor?
I want you to forge
a katana for me.
[LUKE]
But I'm just an apprentice.
[LISA OAKWOOD]
I know that, silly.
But someday, you'll be
a famous blacksmith,
and I'll be a valiant knight.
Then we'll be able
to protect the city together.
[giggles]
How does that sound?
[LUKE] Sounds awesome!
I'm all for it!
Pinky swear?
[LUKE]
Pinky swear.
[LUKE gasps]
[splortch]
Ah!
[panting]
[knocking]
[LISA]
Luke! It's time to get up!
[LISA] If you don't hurry, your
breakfast is gonna get cold!
[LUKE] I can't believe
it's been three years.
[LUCY]
You have today off, don't you?
[CECILY]
Yes, ma'am.
I thought I might do
a little bit of training.
I really need to build up
the muscles in my arms,
they're sorta wimpy right now.
[LUCY sighs]
What'll I do with you?
Huh?
Most girls your age like to go
shopping on their day off,
not spend the day
working on their muscles.
I'm not "most girls"!
Why can't you try to be
a little more ladylike?
I mean, is that really too much
for me to ask of you?
[CECILY gasps]
And why don't you
have a boyfriend?
There has to be a man out there
somewhere you find attractive.
Ah!
Uh, no!
I haven't found anyone
like that, Mom!
Ah. So there is someone!
I was beginning to worry.
Well? Tell me all about him!
Well. He's kinda
socially awkward.
But he's a nice guy--
really handsome.
Aria!
You're going to need some help.
Oh, Fio? Would you please
take Cecily to my closet?
Yes, ma'am.
Why?
Well, you can't go
see him like that.
I'll let you borrow
a nice dress.
Then you can
ask him out on a date.
Wha--? Wah!
Hey! Let go of me, Fio!
Come on, please?
Would you help her
pick out an outfit, Aria?
Don't mind if I do!
[CECILY]
Aria! You traitor!
Let me go, Fio! Seriously!
I don't wanna ask him out!
Someone, help!
Can't remember
what kind she likes.
You're such a boy.
I have no idea
which ones to pick.
How could you not know
what kind of flowers she likes?
Well, I'm not sure
I ever even asked her.
This isn't good.
[sighs] Well, I don't know about
her, but I like the white ones.
Like these over here.
See how pretty they are?
Or maybe... Something
with a little more color?
[CECILY grunting]
I can't let anyone
see me like this!
[whines]
This was all a big
misunderstanding,
and now I'm stuck
in this stupid dress!
Now, Cecily. I know you're
modest, but remember this:
You must show off your bust!
I want you to ask this young man
to go on a date with you.
I'll be very upset
if you return empty handed.
I'm gonna stay here,
so you just take your time.
In fact, if you want...
...come back in the morning.
You get me?
Can't they see how
ridiculous this is?!
I'm not interested in him!
Even if I was,
he doesn't like me like that.
So why do I have
to ask him out?!
Ah. Oh, wait.
If he saw me like this,
he might notice...
[gasps] What the hell
am I talking about?
[sighs]
Screw this, I'm going home...
[BLACKSMITH]
Cecily?
Almost didn't recognize you.
You look really nice.
Y'oughtta dress
like that more often.
[whimpers]
Yeah!
Well, I hate to bother you,
butcha think you can
do me a favor?
[CECILY]
Uh?
[BLACKSMITH] This young lady
has a dagger she'd like fixed.
Would you mind taking her
over to Luke's place for me?
Um, Luke's place?
Got somewhere else
you need to be?
Well, no, sir.
That's not the problem.
I'd really appreciate it.
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Elsa.
Uh, hi.
[CECILY whimpering]
First a maid's outfit,
and now this get up?
Yeah? You got a problem with it?
[LUKE]
I think it's a little weird.
No, you just don't
see me as a woman!
Maybe I would
if you'd act like one.
[CECILY]
Ah. I'm trying...
Try harder.
[LISA] Ah! You look like
a giant cupcake, Miss Cecily!
[LUKE] Is that the compliment
you've been waiting for?
[CECILY]
Ugh! Shut up, Luke!
Just kidding. So what brings
you all the way out here?
Uh.
Ahem. You'll be happy to know
I've brought you a new customer.
Seriously?
[CECILY]
Her name is Elsa.
She's got a dagger
she'd like to have repaired.
It's very special to me.
I was hoping you might
be able to fix it.
[LUKE]
It's a misericorde.
What do you think?
[LUKE] The core's been
severely damaged.
It's not fixable.
[gasps]
Isn't there anything you can do?
I'm afraid not.
[LISA] Do you mind if
I do some maintenance on it?
It won't fix it,
but it couldn't hurt.
[LUKE]
Sure. I'll leave it up to you.
Okay, let me see...
How come you're
making her do it?
I have other business
to attend to.
Oh, yeah? Like what?
It's business, Cecily,
and it's none of yours!
Actually, you wanna come with?
Ah?
[CECILY whimpering]
[yelps]
What's up with you today?
Huh? What do you mean?
This pathway couldn't
get much smoother,
but you've tripped, like,
ten times already.
Oh, you're exaggerating.
Not even. What, are you
nervous or something?
Don't be ridiculous, Luke!
Being alone with a man
doesn't make me nervous.
No, not one bit!
In fact, yesterday,
I was on patrol with a man
and we were alone all day.
[LUKE laughs]
Whatever you say. It's not
like I bite or anything.
So there's no need
to be nervous.
[gasps]
I told you, I'm not!
Did I embarrass you?
No, just leave me alone.
Jeez, you're stubborn.
Just like someone
I used to know.
I remind you of someone? Who?
Forget about it.
[growls]
Fine, then would you
at least tell me
where the hell we're going?
You'll know when we're there.
Okay, so what are
the flowers for, then?
Just a little gift.
Wait a minute.
A gift for who?
Enough with all the questions.
What're you doing?
What in the world are you up to?
[LISA] Sorry, but I won't
be going with you.
[CECILY]
I wonder why Lisa didn't come.
I don't know what's going on.
I'm sorry about this.
You could've gone with them.
It's fine. I wasn't planning
on joining them anyway.
Usually, he makes
the trip alone.
That's just how
it's always been.
Are you and Lisa
fighting or something?
Not at all, why do you ask?
Are you sure?
What are you getting at, Cecily?
Not a thing.
Lisa does a lot to help me,
and I have no complaints.
But sometimes...
What?
I worry I don't do enough
to make her happy.
Remember that day
you took her shopping?
I bought her a hat.
She was so grateful,
she kept thanking me.
That was the first time
I ever even made an effort
to do something nice for her.
[LUKE]
I'm so clueless.
I mean, she does nice things
for me all the time.
I'm worried, someday, she won't
wanna be my assistant anymore.
I don't even know
if she enjoys it.
What if she wants to
do something else?
[CECILY] You're being
too hard on yourself, Luke.
I can tell that Lisa likes
being around you--
She trusts you, and I'm pretty
darn sure if she didn't,
she would've taken off
a long time ago.
You think so?
She's chosen to stand by
my side and be my assistant
because she likes it?
Well, yeah,
I think it's obvious.
I hope you're right.
Why're you so worried
about her all of a sudden?
I always worry.
You do? Why?
Because protecting her
is my reason for being.
I would give my life for Lisa.
[ELSA grunts]
[LISA] Your dagger feels
kinda sad. I wonder why.
Almost as if it's crying.
[ELSA grunts]
That's why I wanted
to do maintenance on it.
You think that'll help somehow?
I don't know.
But it's worth a try.
[ELSA] The name "misericorde"
actually means "mercy."
It's used to kill
an injured knight.
To put them out of their misery.
Well, if it keeps them from
suffering, that's a good thing.
[ELSA]
Yeah.
Many years ago, they say a
valiant knight gave that dagger
to his daughter before
he went away to war.
He told her, "No matter
how weakened I am,
I will return home, so I may
be set free from this world
at the hands of my
beloved daughter."
But when the knight
finally returned...
No...!
[ELSA] ...the young girl, the
one who was supposed to live,
was dead.
After that day, everything
changed forever.
And somehow the dagger
was broken.
If it could be fixed,
what happened in the past
would be fixed. And isn't
that why you came to see us?
[gasps]
Elsa. I'm sorry!
No. It's fine--
you don't have to apologize.
There's no way to change the
past. What happened, happened.
--Lisa?
--Lisa Oakwood.
She was a very dear friend
of mine when I was younger.
But I was unable to protect her.
[gasps]
[LUKE]
Lisa Oakwood.
It's my fault that she's gone.
Come on, it couldn't have been.
It was.
[gasps]
[LUKE]
Yeah, that's just a coincidence.
[CECILY]
So it's named after this Lisa.
[LUKE] We were about as close
as two people our age could be.
But she was killed by
Valbanill three years ago.
Ah-- Wait, hold on a second.
Who did you say
she was killed by?
You heard what I said.
But everybody knows
the story of Valbanill is just
some silly myth.
That's not true.
I've seen him myself.
[gasps]
I assure you, Valbanill exists.
No way...
And it's only
a matter of time until...
...he comes down from
the mountain again.
[LUKE] That day, Lisa and I
followed my father
down to his shop.
Atelier Tatara.
This sucks. Why can't I help?
I thought I was supposed
to be his apprentice.
[LISA OAKWOOD]
It's not big a deal.
He's probably just working on
something really important.
Well, he didn't have
to kick me out!
So how do you like
the katana I made you?
[LISA OAKWOOD]
I absolutely love it.
I'm sure this one is just
the first of many you'll forge
for me over the years, Luke.
I'll need a lot more practice.
What was that?
You trying to tell me you made
me a busted sword or somethin'?
No, it's not "busted!"
I did the best I could, I just
need to get better at it.
Yeah, well, I think
it's perfect.
[LUKE]
Oh no, it's not!
I will forge
a perfect sword someday,
but that one's not even close.
[LISA OAKWOOD] Be careful.
Tamahagane... is real expensive.
You are gettin'
pretty good at that.
I hope so, 'cause I
practice every day!
That's the only way I'll
become a master swordsman.
I wish I could
practice every day.
[LISA OAKWOOD]
Aw, don't cry, Luke.
When I'm a knight, I promise
I'll do my best to protect you!
Wha--
As a knight, it'll be my duty to
protect everyone in this city.
Including you!
[LUKE] You can't protect
anyone with a crappy sword.
[laughs] That's true,
you're gonna have to practice so
you can forge a perfect
katana for me someday.
--[LUKE] Hmph!
--[giggles]
Oh!
So've ya heard about the weird
caves on the edge of the forest?
You don't mean the ones that're
leading up to Mount Blair,
do you? 'Cause those caves
are off limits.
Wanna go check 'em out?
Huh?! Didn't you hear
what I just said?
C'mon, just for
a quick look around.
Unless you're tryin'
to say you're scared.
Not that there's any
reason to be, I mean,
I am gonna be there
to protect you, ya big wuss!
Ah! Agh! Who the heck
you callin' a wuss?
Heh.
[LUKE]
We were such stupid kids.
We kept walking deeper
and deeper into the caves
to try and scare each other.
[LUKE] And then,
without warning, there he was.
[VALBANILL snarls]
A-Ah...
[BOTH gasp]
[VALBANILL growling]
--Get back!
--Gah!
Hah!
Ah! Ah-- Ah!
[screams]
Lisa, come back!
[splorch]
[LUKE]
Lisa died that day...
And so did my father
who came looking for us.
I couldn't do anything
to save them.
I just stood there and watched.
They were killed.
Violently murdered.
And I couldn't do anything.
I just ran away.
Ran away like the coward I am!
I failed them!
[CECILY]
Easy, Luke!
[panting]
It's okay. Calm down.
Sorry, Cecily.
I'll be fine.
[CECILY gasps]
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have
bored you with that story.
No, uh...
I have to ask...
Why did you bring me
to the cemetery with you?
To be honest, I'm not real sure.
There's just, I dunno,
something about you.
That reminds me a lot of her.
[CECILY gasps]
[LISA]
Here you go.
Sorry I couldn't fix it,
but I did the best I could.
[ELSA] It's okay.
Thank you for trying though.
'Scuse me, Elsa?
Try to stay strong, okay?
Remember, all that matters
is the present, not the past.
[ELSA]
You really think so?
You're able to completely
forget your past
and live only in the present?
I do try. Because I think
it's very important.
Thank you.
I wonder how it's going
between Cecily and Luke.
[giggles]
I hate to spy on them,
but I just have to know!
Huh?
[gasps]
That girl...
[CECILY]
Poor Luke...
I didn't know he's had
such a hard life.
I feel like I don't
know him at all.
I kept thinking we'd become
closer if only we could
get to know each other better.
But it feels like... the more I
know, the father apart we get.
[LUKE]
See ya.
Ah-- Mm...
Luke!
[LUKE]
What is it?
[CECILY]
Uh... I was... wondering...
Did you love Lisa?
At one time, I did, yes.
[gasps]
But that doesn't matter anymore.
[OLD MAN]
Were you able to find him?
[gasps]
[OLD MAN]
Tell me, child.
Were you able to sense
the presence of Valbanill?
Excuse me, sir.
But do you remember this dagger?
[OLD MAN]
Hmm? I've never seen it.
[gasps]
[OLD MAN]
That man told me he was here.
There's someone in this city
with Valbanill's blood
coursing through their veins.
[ELSA] But sir, I don't know
about the man in black.
Are you sure that
he can be trusted?
[OLD MAN]
Why should I doubt him?!
Because of Valbanill, my beloved
daughter Elsa is dead!
I swear I will kill him!
I'll do whatever it takes
to get revenge, you hear me?
The bastard! I'll kill him!
[coughing]
[gasps]
[ELSA] Are you all right?
You mustn't get so worked up!
[ELSA'S FATHER coughs]
I must... find Valbanill.
[coughing]
I've found him, sir.
[CECILY]
Ha! Ah!
[panting]
I'm sorry to bother you, but I
was just wondering if you--
[CECILY]
Ha! Hngh! Hnn!
Well. I guess I'll
ask her tomorrow.
[LUKE] The rain seems
to be getting worse.
It's pretty weird 'cause
the birds usually tell me
when it's supposed to rain.
I wonder why they didn't.
Who knows?
I don't really mind it though.
It washes everything away.
Did something happen
at the cemetery?
I thought it was strange that
Miss Cecily didn't come back
with you. Did you
get in a fight?
No.
[ELSA'S FATHER wheezing]
[ELSA'S FATHER huffing]
[gasps]
Lisa!
Okay.
Who the hell is that?
[ELSA'S FATHER] At last,
I've found you, Valbanill!
[gasps]
I'll make you pay, you bastard!
I've been waiting
for this day, Valbanill!
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Ha...!
[LUKE grunts]
Why is that man
attacking us, Luke?
I have no clue.
But he's dangerous--
he's got a Demon Sword.
Just stay put, okay?
[LUKE] Wanna tell me
who you are, old man?
[ELSA'S FATHER]
Your worst nightmare!
[LUKE grunts]
That was close.
I will kill you.
[gasps]
[ELSA'S FATHER cackles]
Lisa, run!
Now... die!
Valbanill!
Ah!
Lisa!